Update index.md (#858)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/guides/author-apps/azure/howto-azure-resources/index.md

- [Radius Bicep VSCode extension]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-vs-code-extension" >}})
- [Setup a supported Kubernetes cluster]({{< ref "/guides/operations/kubernetes/overview#supported-clusters" >}})

> - [Azure AD Workload Identity](https://azure.github.io/azure-workload-identity/docs/installation.html) installed in your cluster
>      - This includes the [Mutating Admission Webhook](https://azure.github.io/azure-workload-identity/docs/installation/mutating-admission-webhook.html) installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Azure AD Workload Identity](https://azure.github.io/azure-workload-identity/docs/installation.html) installed in your cluster, including the [Mutating Admission Webhook](https://azure.github.io/azure-workload-identity/docs/installation/mutating-admission-webhook.html)
```
